In this little video,
I'm going to give you a homework assignment.
Your assignment is to purchase or get a DragonBoard 410 in front of you,
load an operating system,
connect a mouse and a keyboard,
connect a HDMI display or your TV in your living room,
and bring it up so that you can see everything running,
and realize that you have a full computer in front of you.
This should take you probably an hour or two to find the image that you want,
transfer the image to an SD card or to the board,
and get everything connected and learn how to get it running.
Hopefully, this isn't too large an assignment but is an important assignment.
It's the first step to getting your DragonBoard running.